

License:Artistic-1.0 - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

Artistic License version 1.0


URL




Comment


This license has been superseded by the Artistic License, Version 2.0.



The Artistic License

Preamble

The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which a
Package may be copied, such that the Copyright Holder maintains some
semblance of artistic control over the development of the package,
while giving the users of the package the right to use and distribute
the Package in a more-or-less customary fashion, plus the right to
make reasonable modifications.

Definitions:

    "Package" refers to the collection of files distributed by the
    Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection of files
    created through textual modification.

    "Standard Version" refers to such a Package if it has not been
    modified, or has been modified in accordance with the wishes of
    the Copyright Holder.

    "Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or
    copyrights for the package.

    "You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing
    this Package.  "Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can
    justify on the basis of media cost, duplication charges, time of
    people involved, and so on. (You will not be required to justify
    it to the Copyright Holder, but only to the computing community at
    large as a market that must bear the fee.)

    "Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item
    itself, though there may be fees involved in handling the item. It
    also means that recipients of the item may redistribute it under
    the same conditions they received it.

1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of
   the Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided
   that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and
   associated disclaimers.

2. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications
   derived from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder. A
   Package modified in such a way shall still be considered the
   Standard Version.

3. You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way,
   provided that you insert a prominent notice in each changed file
   stating how and when you changed that file, and provided that you
   do at least ONE of the following:

    a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make
       them Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to
       Usenet or an equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on
       a major archive site such as ftp.uu.net, or by allowing the
       Copyright Holder to include your modifications in the Standard
       Version of the Package.

    b) use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization.

    c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not
       conflict with standard executables, which must also be
       provided, and provide a separate manual page for each
       non-standard executable that clearly documents how it differs
       from the Standard Version.

    d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

4. You may distribute the programs of this Package in object code or
executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

    a) distribute a Standard Version of the executables and library
       files, together with instructions (in the manual page or
       equivalent) on where to get the Standard Version.

    b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
       the Package with your modifications.

    c) accompany any non-standard executables with their corresponding
       Standard Version executables, giving the non-standard
       executables non-standard names, and clearly documenting the
       differences in manual pages (or equivalent), together with
       instructions on where to get the Standard Version.

    d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

5. You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of
   this Package. You may charge any fee you choose for support of this
   Package. You may not charge a fee for this Package itself. However,
   you may distribute this Package in aggregate with other (possibly
   commercial) programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial)
   software distribution provided that you do not advertise this
   Package as a product of your own.

6. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as
   output from the programs of this Package do not automatically fall
   under the copyright of this Package, but belong to whomever
   generated them, and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated
   with this Package.

7. C or perl subroutines supplied by you and linked into this Package
   shall not be considered part of this Package.

8. The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or
   promote products derived from this software without specific prior
   written permission.

9. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
   WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
   OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

