

License:Gnuplot - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

Gnuplot


URL




Comment

Free software license incompatible with the GNU GPL


Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear
in supporting documentation.

Permission to modify the software is granted, but not the right to
distribute the complete modified source code.  Modifications are to
be distributed as patches to the released version.  Permission to
distribute binaries produced by compiling modified sources is granted,
provided you
  1. distribute the corresponding source modifications from the
   released version in the form of a patch file along with the binaries,
  2. add special version identification to distinguish your version
   in addition to the base release version number,
  3. provide your name and address as the primary contact for the
   support of your modified version, and
  4. retain our contact information in regard to use of the base
   software.
Permission to distribute the released version of the source code along
with corresponding source modifications in the form of a patch file is
granted with same provisions 2 through 4 for binary distributions.

This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty
to the extent permitted by applicable law. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

