

License:SFL - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

iMatix Standard Function Library (SFL) license


URL




Comment




The SFL License Agreement

This license agreement covers your use of the iMatix STANDARD FUNCTION
LIBRARY (SFL), its source code, documentation, and executable files,
hereinafter referred to as "the Product".

The Product is Copyright © 1991-2000 iMatix Corporation. You may use
it and distribute it according to this following License Agreement. If
you do not agree with these terms, please remove the Product from your
system. By incorporating the Product in your work or distributing the
Product to others you implicitly agree to these license terms.

Statement Of Copyright

The Product is, and remains, Copyright © 1991-2000 iMatix Corporation,
with exception of specific copyrights as noted in the individual
source files.

Conditions Of Use

You do not need to provide the source code for the Product as part of
your product. However, you must do one of these things to comply with
the Product License Agreement:

Provide the source code for Product modules that you use, or Make your
product freely available according to a license similar to the GNU
General Public License, or the Perl Artistic License, or Add this
phrase to the documentation for your product: "This product uses parts
of the iMatix SFL, Copyright © 1991-2000 iMatix Corporation
<http://www.imatix.com>".  Rights Of Usage

You may freely and at no cost use the Product in any project,
commercial, academic, military, or private, so long as you respect the
License Agreement. The License Agreement does not affect any software
except the Product. In particular, any application that uses the
Product does not itself fall under the License Agreement.

You may modify any part of the Product, including sources and
documentation, except this License Agreement, which you may not
modify.

You must clearly indicate any modifications at the start of each
source file. The user of any modified Product code must know that the
source file is not original.

At your discretion, you may rewrite or reuse any part of the Product
so that your derived code is not obviously part of the Product. This
derived code does not fall under the Product License Agreement
directly, but you must include a credit at the start of each source
file indicating the original authorship and source of the code, and a
statement of copyright as follows: "Parts copyright (c) 1991-2000
iMatix Corporation."

Rights Of Distribution

You may freely distribute the Product, or any subset of the Product,
by any means. The License, in the form of the file called
"LICENSE.TXT" must accompany any such distribution.

You may charge a fee for distributing the Product, for providing a
warranty on the Product, for making modifications to the Product, or
for any other service provided in relation to the Product. You are not
required to ask our permission for any of these activities.

At no time will iMatix associate itself with any distribution of the
Product except that supplied from the Internet site
http://www.imatix.com.

Disclaimer Of Warranty

The Product is provided as free software, in the hope that it will be
useful. It is provided "as-is", without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
Product is with you. Should the Product prove defective, the full cost
of repair, servicing, or correction lies with you. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

