

License:MS-PL - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

Microsoft Public License


URL




Comment




Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL)

This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the
software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license,
do not use the software.

 1. Definitions

    The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and
    "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright
    law.

    A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or
    changes to the software.

    A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution
    under this license.

    "Licensed patents" are a contributor's patent claims that read
    directly on its contribution.

 2. Grant of Rights

    (A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license,
    including the license conditions and limitations in section 3,
    each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide,
    royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution,
    prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its
    contribution or any derivative works that you create.
   
    (B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including
    the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each
    contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
    license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell,
    offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its
    contribution in the software or derivative works of the
    contribution in the software.
 
 3. Conditions and Limitations
  
    (A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights
    to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks.

    (B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over
    patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent
    license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.

    (C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain
    all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are
    present in the software.

    (D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code
    form, you may do so only under this license by including a
    complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you
    distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code
    form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this
    license.  

    (E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using
    it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees, or
    conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your
    local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent
    permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the
    implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
    purpose and non-infringement. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

