

License:Scilab-old - Free Software Directory

















                
		
                




         
         
           
         

		
			
		          
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		         
		     

		
		
		
			
			

			
				From Free Software Directory				
								
					Jump to:					, 					
				
				

Name

SCILAB License


URL




Comment

This is not a free software license because it does not allow
commercial distribution of a modified version. Thankfully, recent
versions of the Scilab software are free software, released under
CeCILL version 2.



Important notice : this is a translation of the original license
written in French

SCILAB License

1- Preface

The aim of this license is to lay down the conditions enabling you to
use, modify and circulate the SOFTWARE. However, INRIA and ENPC remain
the authors of the SOFTWARE and so retain property rights and the use
of all ancillary rights.

2- Definitions

The SOFTWARE is defined as all successive versions of SCILAB software
and their documentation that have been developed by INRIA and ENPC.

SCILAB DERIVED SOFTWARE is defined as all or part of the SOFTWARE that
you have modified and/or translated and/or adapted.

SCILAB COMPOSITE SOFTWARE is defined as all or a part of the SOFTWARE
that you have interfaced with a software, an application package or a
toolbox of which you are owner or entitled beneficiary.

3- Object and conditions of the SOFTWARE license

   1. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge, to reproduce the
      SOFTWARE source and/or object code on any present and future
      support, without restriction, providing the following reference
      appears in all the copies: Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   2. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge to correct any bugs,
      carry out any modifications required for the porting of the
      SOFTWARE and to carry out any usual functional modification or
      correction, providing you insert a patch file or you indicate by
      any other equivalent means the nature and date of the
      modification or the correction, on the corresponding file(s) of
      the SOFTWARE.

   3. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge to use the SOFTWARE
      source and/or object code, without restriction, providing the
      following reference appears in all the copies: Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   4. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge to circulate and
      distribute, free of charge or for a fee, the SOFTWARE source
      and/or object code, including the SOFTWARE modified in
      accordance with above-mentioned article 3 b), on any present and
      future support, providing: * the following reference appears in
      all the copies: Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC.  * the SOFTWARE is
      circulated or distributed under the present license.  * patch
      files or files containing equivalent means indicating the nature
      and the date of the modification or the correction to the
      SOFTWARE file(s) concerned are freely circulated.

4- Object and conditions of the DERIVED SOFTWARE license

   1. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge to reproduce and
      modify and/or translate and/or adapt all or part of the source
      and/or the object code of the SOFTWARE, providing a patch file
      indicating the date and the nature of the modification and/or
      the translation and/or the adaptation and the name of their
      author in the SOFTWARE file(s) concerned is inserted. The
      SOFTWARE thus modified is defined as DERIVED SOFTWARE. The INRIA
      authorizes you free of charge to use the source and/or object
      code of the SOFTWARE, without restriction, providing the
      following reference appears in all the copies: Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   2. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free of charge to use the SOFTWARE
      source and/or object code modified according to article 4-a)
      above, without restriction, providing the following reference
      appears in all the copies: "Scilab inside (c)INRIA-ENPC".

   3. The INRIA and the ENPC authorize you free of charge to circulate
      and distribute for no charge, for non-commercial purposes the
      source and/or object code of DERIVED SOFTWARE on any present and
      future support, providing: * the reference " Scilab inside
      (c)INRIA-ENPC " is prominently mentioned; * the DERIVED SOFTWARE
      is distributed under the present license; * the recipients of
      the distribution can access the SOFTWARE code source; * the
      DERIVED SOFTWARE is distributed under a name other than SCILAB.

   4. Any commercial use or circulation of the DERIVED SOFTWARE shall
      have been previously authorized by INRIA and ENPC.

5- Object and conditions of the license concerning COMPOSITE SOFTWARE

   1. INRIA and ENPC authorize you to reproduce and interface all or
      part of the SOFTWARE with all or part of other software,
      application packages or toolboxes of which you are owner or
      entitled beneficiary in order to obtain COMPOSITE SOFTWARE.

   2. INRIA and ENPC authorize you free, of charge, to use the
      SOFTWARE source and/or object code included in the COMPOSITE
      SOFTWARE, without restriction, providing the following statement
      appears in all the copies: "composite software using Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC functionality".

   3. INRIA and ENPC authorize you, free of charge, to circulate and
      distribute for no charge, for purposes other than commercial,
      the source and/or object code of COMPOSITE SOFTWARE on any
      present and future support, providing: * the following reference
      is prominently mentioned: "composite software using Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC functionality "; * the SOFTWARE included in
      COMPOSITE SOFTWARE is distributed under the present license ; *
      recipients of the distribution have access to the SOFTWARE
      source code; * the COMPOSITE SOFTWARE is distributed under a
      name other than SCILAB.

   4. Any commercial use or distribution of COMPOSITE SOFTWARE shall
      have been previously authorized by INRIA and ENPC.

6- Limitation of the warranty

Except when mentioned otherwise in writing, the SOFTWARE is supplied
as is, with no explicit or implicit warranty, including warranties of
commercialization or adaptation. You assume all risks concerning the
quality or the effects of the SOFTWARE and its use. If the SOFTWARE is
defective, you will bear the costs of all required services,
corrections or repairs.

7- Consent

When you access and use the SOFTWARE, you are presumed to be aware of
and to have accepted all the rights and obligations of the present
license.

8- Binding effect

This license has the binding value of a contract.

You are not responsible for respect of the license by a third party.

9- Applicable law

The present license and its effects are subject to French law and the
competent French courts.





FR:

Licence SCILAB

1- Préambule

La présente licence a pour objet d'établir les conditions dans
lesquelles vous pouvez utiliser, modifier et diffuser le
LOGICIEL. Toutefois l'INRIA et l'ENPC demeurent les auteurs du
LOGICIEL et conservent la jouissance et l'usage de tous les droits qui
y sont attachés.

2- Définitions

Le LOGICIEL est constitué par toutes les versions successives du
logiciel SCILAB, et de leur documentation, développées par l'INRIA et
l'ENPC.

Les LOGICIELS DERIVES de SCILAB sont constitués de tout ou partie du
LOGICIEL que vous avez modifié et/ou traduit et/ou adapté.

Les LOGICIELS COMPOSITES de SCILAB sont constitués de tout ou partie
du LOGICIEL que vous avez mis en interface avec un logiciel, un
progiciel ou une boîte à outils dont vous êtres propriétaire ou ayant
droit.

3- Objet et conditions de la licence portant sur le LOGICIEL

   1. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent, gratuittement, à reproduire
      sur tout support présent et à venir le code source et/ou le code
      objet du LOGICIEL, sans restriction, à condition de faire
      figurer sur toutes les copies la mention du copyright suivante :
      Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   2. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent gratuitement à corriger les
      bogues éventuels, à effectuer les modifications nécessaires au
      portage du LOGICIEL et à procéder à toute modification ou
      correction fonctionnelle usuelle, à condition d'insérer un
      fichier patch, ou d'indiquer par tout autre moyen équivalent la
      nature et la date de la modification ou de la correction
      apportée, sur le(s) fichier(s) concerné(s) du LOGICIEL.

   3. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent gratuitement, à utiliser le
      code source et/ou le code objet du LOGICIEL, sans restriction, à
      condition de faire figurer sur toutes les copies la mention du
      copyright suivante : Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   4. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent gratuitement, à diffuser et
      distribuer gratuitement ou à titre onéreux le code source et/ou
      le code objet du LOGICIEL y compris du LOGICIEL modifié
      conformément à l'article 3 b) ci-dessus, sur tout support
      présent et à venir, à condition : * de faire figurer sur toutes
      les copies la mention du copyright suivante : Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC.  * de diffuser ou de distribuer le LOGICIEL sous
      la présente licence.  * de diffuser librement les fichiers patch
      ou les fichiers contenant les moyens équivalents indiquant la
      nature et la date de la modification ou de la correction
      apportée sur le(s) fichier(s) concerné(s) du LOGICIEL.

4- Objet et conditions de la licence portant sur les LOGICIELS DERIVES

   1. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent, gratuitement, à reproduire et
      à modifier et/ou à traduire et/ou à adapter tout ou partie du
      code source et/ou du code objet du LOGICIEL, à condition
      d'insérer un fichier patch indiquant la date et la nature de la
      modification et/ou de la traduction et/ou de l'adaptation et le
      nom de leur auteur sur le(s) fichier(s) concerné(s) du
      LOGICIEL. Le LOGICIEL ainsi modifié constitue des LOGICIELS
      DERIVES. L'INRIA vous autorise gratuitement, à utiliser le code
      source et/ou le code objet du LOGICIEL, sans restriction, à
      condition de faire figurer sur toutes les copies la mention du
      copyright suivante : Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC.

   2. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent gratuitement, à utiliser le
      code source et/ou le code objet du LOGICIEL modifié en vertu de
      l'article 4-a) ci-dessus, sans restriction, à condition de faire
      figurer sur toutes les copies la mention du copyright suivante :
      " Scilab inside (c)INRIA-ENPC ".

   3. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent, gratuitement, à diffuser et à
      distribuer à titre gratuit à des fins autres que commerciales,
      le code source et/ou le code objet des LOGICIELS DERIVES sur
      tout support présent et à venir, à condition : * d'indiquer
      clairement la mention " Scilab inside (c)INRIA-ENPC " ; * de
      distribuer le LOGICIEL DERIVE sous la présente licence ; * de
      permettre aux destinataires de la distribution d'avoir accès au
      code source du LOGICIEL ; * de distribuer le LOGICIEL DERIVE
      sous une autre dénomination que SCILAB.

   4. Toute utilisation ou diffusion commerciale du LOGICIEL DERIVE
      doit être préalablement autorisée par l'INRIA et l'ENPC.

5- Objet et conditions de la licence portant sur les LOGICIELS COMPOSITES

   1. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent à reproduire et à procéder à
      l'interface de tout ou partie du LOGICIEL, avec tout ou partie
      d'autres logiciels, progiciels ou boîtes à outils dont vous êtes
      propriétaires ou titulaires des droits, afin d'obtenir des
      LOGICIELS COMPOSITES.

   2. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent gratuitement, à utiliser le
      code source et/ou le code objet du LOGICIEL inclus dans le
      LOGICIEL COMPOSITE, sans restriction, à condition de faire
      figurer sur toutes les copies la mention du copyright suivante :
      " logiciel composite utilisant les fonctionnalités de Scilab
      (c)INRIA-ENPC ".

   3. L'INRIA et l'ENPC vous autorisent, gratuitement, à diffuser et à
      distribuer à titre gratuit, à des fins autres que commerciales,
      le code source et/ou le code objet des LOGICIELS COMPOSITES sur
      tout support présent et à venir, à condition : * d'indiquer
      clairement la mention " logiciel composite utilisant les
      fonctionnalités de Scilab (c)INRIA-ENPC " ; * de distribuer le
      LOGICIEL inclus dans les LOGICIELS COMPOSITES sous la présente
      licence ; * de permettre aux destinataires de la distribution
      d'avoir accès au code source du LOGICIEL ; * de distribuer le
      LOGICIEL COMPOSITE sous une autre dénomination que SCILAB.

   4. Toute utilisation ou diffusion commerciale du LOGICIEL COMPOSITE
      doit être préalablement autorisée par l'INRIA et l'ENPC.

6- Limitation de garantie

Sauf mention écrite contraire, le LOGICIEL est fourni en l'état, sans
aucune garantie explicite ou implicite, y compris les garanties de
commercialisation ou d'adaptation. Vous assumez tous les risques quant
à la qualité ou aux effets du LOGICIEL et de son utilisation. Si le
LOGICIEL est défectueux, vous assumez le coût de tous les services,
corrections ou réparations nécessaires.

7- Consentement

En accédant et en travaillant sur le LOGICIEL, vous êtes présumé
connaître et avoir accepté tous les droits et toutes les obligations
résultant de la présente licence.

8- Effet Obligatoire

Cette licence a la valeur obligatoire d'un contrat.

Vous n'êtes pas responsable du respect de la licence par un tiers.

9- Loi applicable

La présente licence et ses effets sont soumis au droit français et aux
tribunaux français compétents. 







				Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
				under the terms of the , Version 1.3 or
				any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
				Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.   is included in the page “”.

				The copyright and license notices on this page only apply to the
				text on this page.  Any software or copyright-licenses or other
				similar notices described in this text has its own copyright notice
				and license, which can usually be found in the distribution or license
				text itself. 

				
									
						Retrieved from ""					
				: 				
							
		
		
			
			
									
						
						
													
					
									
										
						
						
													
					
										
												
						
						
							
															
						
					
									
				
										
						
						
													
					
										
						
						
						
							
															
						
					
										
						
						
					
									
			
			


						
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
			
			
			
								
									
							
		
				
		
				

The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — 


Copyright © 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 .


Licensed under the , version 1.3 or later.



Powered by  and 









			
		
		






	

